Add support OS versions on apple devices (#3620)
captn3m0/endoflife.date: products/ipad.md

tags: apple tablet
iconSlug: apple
permalink: /ipad

> releasePolicyLink: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_iPad_models#Supported

Reviewer: ```suggestion
releasePolicyLink: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_iPad_models#iPad
```

# Links send to the Technical Specifications of each model.
# All links can be found on https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT201471.

> # All supported iPadOS versions can be found on https://iosref.com/ios#ipad.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# All supported iPadOS versions can be found on https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_iPad_models#iPad.
```

Let's only use wikipedia as it is the main source of information.
